fix(curriculum): test css rule by using regex directly on code (#63058)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-city-skyline/5d822fd413a79914d39e9917.md

You should not alter the first `repeating-linear-gradient`.

```js
const fb1bCssBlock = code.match(/\.fb1c\s*?{([\s\S]*?)}/)[1].replaceAll(/\s*/g, '');
const backgroundPropVal = fb1bCssBlock.match(/background:([\s\S]*?)(;|$)/)[1];
assert.match(backgroundPropVal, /^repeating-linear-gradient\(90deg,var\(--building-color4\)(0%)?,var\(--building-color4\)10%,transparent10%,transparent15%\)/);
```

> You should add a `repeating-linear-gradient` with a first color of `--building-color4` from `0%` to `10%`.

Author: Since this issue isn’t about the hint texts, I’m putting this suggestion out there instead of committing it directly. (Does that sound like the right way to do it?)
```suggestion
Below the first `repeating-linear-gradient` you should add a second one. It should start with the color `--building-color4` from `0%` to `10%`.
```

Author: I am onboard! 
Does that mean I can add the hint text improvements to this PR, even though it’s slightly off-topic?

Reviewer: changing the hint text can be part of updating a test to make it easier on the user

if you think it's off topic for this PR, open an issue to discuss the changes, don't use the PR to discuss changes that would go on an other PR
